Mention full location of document _source (#89940)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/painless/painless-guide/painless-runtime-fields.asciidoc

When defining a runtime field, you can include a Painless script that is
evaluated at query time. This script has access to the entire context of a

> document, including the original document at `params._source` and any mapped fields plus their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
document, including the original document <<modules-scripting-source, `_source` field>> and any mapped fields plus their
```

I would suggest linking to the page that describes how to access the _source field (with the `params._source` included in the example of that page, but also contains the `ctx._source` for update scripts), and also contains other useful notes and details.
